Welcome to Module 1.
In this module, we'll focus on data and
analysis in the real world.
We'll start by learning how to
think about analytical problems.
Working backwards from
the decision we want to make,
then considering the information
needed to make that decision.
We'll talk a lot about context.
We'll learn how to construct
a conceptual business model
that describes the industry or
business that we're trying to understand.
Then we'll spend a fair amount of time
walking through something we call
the information action value chain.
Where we'll see how events in the real
world translate into data that we can then
analyze and ultimately turn
into action in the marketplace.
In the latter part of the module,
we start working through the elements
of the value chain itself.
First, by talking about
events in the real world.
Then by discussing how those events
are captured by source systems.
By the end of this module you should be
able to take an analytical problem and
identify what data is needed to solve it.
Where that data comes from,
how it is captured, and
how it fits into the larger
context of your business.
In later modules,
we'll cover analytical technologies, data
extraction and analytic organizations.
Keeping with overall focus
of course one namely
all the critical things that happened
before and after the analysis itself.
Hope you enjoy the module.